[Docs] Machine ID Host Certificate Support (#16989)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-id/guides/host-certificate.mdx

  ```code
  $ ssh -V
  ```

## Step 1/5. Download and install Teleport (=teleport.version=)

(!/docs/pages/includes/install-linux.mdx!)

Next, log in to your cluster from your local machine using `tsh` to ensure that your device will be able to interact with the cluster:

```code
$ tsh login --proxy=myteleportcluster.com --user=teleport-username
```

## Step 2/5. Create a role to issue `tbot` certificates

In order to create certificates `tbot` requires a `role` that provides the necessary permissions. When we apply a role to a tbot user
in this case, we restrict a bot user to only create host certificates.

Teleport roles can additionally limit the creation of host certificates to a desired **principal**.
For example, normally when creating an SSH host certificate a `principal` represents a user or host that the certificate is explicitly applied to.

By checking that a domain name matches the `principal` on a host certificate in the example configuration we use in this guide, access can be limited only to the desired server or servers.
On Teleport, a **predicate** should be applied to a `principal` to further define the scope of permissions applied to the `principal`.

> By using the format of `where: 'predicate(host_cert.principals, "domain.name")'`, a Teleport user can create a role that will only be able to able to affect the designated principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the format of `where: 'predicate(host_cert.principals, "domain.name")'`, a Teleport user can create a role that will only be able to able to create host certificates with the designated principal
```

in a manner defined by the selected predicate. A list of supported predicates, their behavior, and example configurations are listed below:

| **Predicate** | **Behavior** | **Example** |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `all_equal` | All requested principals must be equal to the set string. If the set string is `foo.example.com`, host certificates limit access only to `foo.example.com`. | `all_equal(host_cert.principals, "foo.example.com")` |
| `all_end_with` |  All requested principals must end with the set string. If the set string is `.example.com`, host certificates limit access only to `*.example.com`. | `all_end_with(host_cert.principals, ".example.com")` |
| `is_subset` | All requested principals must be contained in the listed set. | `is_subset(host_cert.principals, "foo.example.com", "bar.example.com")` |

In the case of an example role for use within this guide, use a text editor of your choice from your local administrative device with `tsh` access to create a role YAML named `tbotrole.yaml` with the following

>  configuration options, replacing `nodename.my.domain.com` with your own domain name, or the domain associated with your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 configuration options, replacing `nodename.my.domain.com` with the domain name associated with your OpenSSH server:
```
